yes we were very surprised about that
whole hotel when we arrived
the breadth of the food is greater
dimensions about the hotel the big one
Pool was very great made us feel very good
I liked the first impression
bombastic
this pool area is something special
beautiful she is very spacious and that
most beautiful there is more water in it
and this bridge is very nice
So it's all about her
all day in the sun the
pool area yes the rooms are too
from the size of it perfect
gets cleaned thoroughly every morning
we always have fresh towels that
food is very varied
There is a Mexican evening there
there is a greek evening it is
gives mediterranean food so it is
really everything that is heart
So really wishes for the Germans
guests for Italian guests for
The English in the morning the sweet breakfast
So everything is really there
Fandel
was crucial for our drilling
this beautiful palm has all this
We liked it very much
when we were here then we were not
disappointed it is actually a
little paradise for us so the price
Leistungsverhältnis in this hotel must
I say is absolutely on the
top level what is offered here
for example, on the beach or
Tretbootverleih the conditions the
umbrellas all that is you with im
package are just worth mentioning and
Top